hello friends fishermen on duty as is
what are you bringing to you today?
fisherman's fishing
leonardo leozinho on call
he is doing in practice in a
fishery and tillaberi tilapia is with mass
prepared with the tuxedo there how
he prepared this mass
was thus in a great fifth of water of the
dilute a little tuxedo in that
water added the flour that would
she that mass made him the pilot chute
polka dots placed on the snooze sneezed
ball with the tuxedo again launched
in the lake and waited for the fisgá tilapia
taste the best always difficult question
To tell people difficult, the three are very
good so so very good efficiency
of the product on that day was made fishing
of various types of fish carp tilapia
headdress pacu background a bug that
I 'll bring it to you there it is
during the days there ok
A hug, everyone stays there, God is
Thank you to vote for sharing goes
enjoying the company on our page one
hug and good fishing for everyone
hug people there pio xii there and pick up the
bikes with the tuxedo indicates does not indicate a
fisherman on duty and showing
who also grabs the tuxedo looks the
lapel size is not history of
Fisherman there is huge just got here
with you, you see smoking on duty
tomorrow we will short our page
share who you want is enjoying
It will be very welcome
wait there everyone and enjoying
share our page thank you for
to accompany each other with a hug
at me